README.md, before:

# Lucy's Levitation
## Created by The Cozies
![Splash](./lucys_levitation.jpg)

In Lucy's Levitation, you progress through a mysterious temple. After returning to the green room in the alt world, the game is over in it's current state. Progressing further isn't worth it due to dizzying visual glitches.

Lucy's Levitation uses a very minimal amount of SM64's assets. Every single texture and model used in the main gameplay were created by us in this last week, with the exception of few big obvious ones since we were out of time. Music was created by us, font was handpicked, and objects were created from scratch. Our goal was to make it completely visually unique.

The original goal of this hack on a technical level was to be 100% N64 compatible. While the majority of the game is, unfortunately, a bug with S2D causes an RCP crash on console. This hack will be updated once this bug has been figured out.

## Movement:
- Groundpound jump. Press A when your ground pound hits the ground
- Air dive. Any direction you hold your controller stick, press Z and B while in the air to dive that direction. This is a very important mechanic for crossing large gaps in Lucy's Levitation
- Water groundpound. Not useful for anything in particular except for quickly decending.
- Air jump. A certain object will allow you to jump again in the air, allowing you to go much higher and further.

## Unique functionality:
- Global fog system. Going underwater or in certain areas will change the fog settings to better fit the environment.
- Water surface type: There are several overlapping segments of water, leading to some new layouts!
- Get the orbs, open the door

## Credits / other functionality:
- S2D Text. The main collectable in the game is narrated by someone2639's text engine! We had planned to replace all text with our own font, but time was short. Special thanks to someone2639 for helping me get the font properly imported!
- Puppycam. Fazana's glorious camera system, this way my first time using it and the various ways you can hook into it is awesome. Its a lot easier to customize than the vanilla cam.
- anonymous_moose's extended bounds: this level couldn't function without this change!
- Axollyon's S2D directory: this really helped me figure out what I can do.
- No save files: Games to short and you use save states either way, don't lie

## Todo:
- Fix last two rooms' nauseating visual glitch
- Story: 
    - This current version has no beginning or end. The story has been storyboarded, and some assets have been created.
    - Cutscenes throughout
- Audio:
    - Brand new music by us, rather than picking from our backlog
    - Voice over: Lucy's voice should sound quite different
    - Sound effects: replace key item sound effects
- Visual flare:
    - Clear indication when Lucy has a second available jump
    - Facial expressions  & A CUSTOM IDLE ANIMATION THAT DOESN'T LOOK AWKWARD
    - Better door cutscene
- Controls:
    - Assist when jumping up into water
        - Keep upwards velocity when entering
        - Only exit water if holding down
    - Customized camera for wall jumping areas and in general situations
    - Rework second air jump

- Custom objects:
    - Without spoiling, there were supposed to be quite a few more navigational and hazardous objects.
- Splash screen/start screen
- Level design:
    - Rework second half with new objects/textures
- Widescreen option

Commit message:

Adjusted physics of water bottoms / added better water jump

README.md, after:

# Lucy's Levitation
## Created by The Cozies
![Splash](./lucys_levitation.jpg)

In Lucy's Levitation, you progress through a mysterious temple. After returning to the green room in the alt world, the game is over in it's current state. Progressing further isn't worth it due to dizzying visual glitches.

Lucy's Levitation uses a very minimal amount of SM64's assets. Every single texture and model used in the main gameplay were created by us in this last week, with the exception of few big obvious ones since we were out of time. Music was created by us, font was handpicked, and objects were created from scratch. Our goal was to make it completely visually unique.

The original goal of this hack on a technical level was to be 100% N64 compatible. While the majority of the game is, unfortunately, a bug with S2D causes an RCP crash on console. This hack will be updated once this bug has been figured out.

## Movement:
- Groundpound jump. Press A when your ground pound hits the ground
- Air dive. Any direction you hold your controller stick, press Z and B while in the air to dive that direction. This is a very important mechanic for crossing large gaps in Lucy's Levitation
- Water groundpound. Not useful for anything in particular except for quickly decending.
- Air jump. A certain object will allow you to jump again in the air, allowing you to go much higher and further.
- Water jump. Jumping out of water is not not terrible. (Its a single jump)

## Unique functionality:
- Global fog system. Going underwater or in certain areas will change the fog settings to better fit the environment.
- Water surface type: There are several overlapping segments of water, leading to some new layouts!
- Get the orbs, open the door

## Credits / other functionality:
- S2D Text. The main collectable in the game is narrated by someone2639's text engine! We had planned to replace all text with our own font, but time was short. Special thanks to someone2639 for helping me get the font properly imported!
- Puppycam. Fazana's glorious camera system, this way my first time using it and the various ways you can hook into it is awesome. Its a lot easier to customize than the vanilla cam.
- anonymous_moose's extended bounds: this level couldn't function without this change!
- Axollyon's S2D directory: this really helped me figure out what I can do.
- No save files: Games to short and you use save states either way, don't lie

## Todo:
- Fix last two rooms' nauseating visual glitch
- Story: 
    - This current version has no beginning or end. The story has been storyboarded, and some assets have been created.
    - Cutscenes throughout
- Audio:
    - Brand new music by us, rather than picking from our backlog
    - Voice over: Lucy's voice should sound quite different
    - Sound effects: replace key item sound effects
- Visual flare:
    - Clear indication when Lucy has a second available jump
    - Facial expressions  & A CUSTOM IDLE ANIMATION THAT DOESN'T LOOK AWKWARD
    - Better door cutscene
- Controls:
    - Assist when jumping up into water
        - Keep upwards velocity when entering
        - Only exit water if holding down
    - Customized camera for wall jumping areas and in general situations
    - Rework second air jump

- Custom objects:
    - Without spoiling, there were supposed to be quite a few more navigational and hazardous objects.
- Splash screen/start screen
- Level design:
    - Rework second half with new objects/textures
- Widescreen option
